hey everyone so for Christmas my
boyfriend got me these pair of heels and
there are Bob Steve Madden but anyhow to
Mary Jane shoes to work this destroys
I'm gonna be using so I'm trying on the
work up walking them so I can drop these
down at summer time and um yeah from
doing blue a video on how I dress up and
dressed down Mary Jane Hills
oh I missing my Janos it just helps with
the little strap right there and then
you can see in the inside but I just
love these extenders like the perfect
height for me because I'm only 17 so I'm
not my fuher on sky-high heels so like
the perfect I'm here height for me and I
just love them like they're so adorable
so I'm gonna show you walked a way that
I dress it up and I dress them down so
stay tuned for that
so first outfit is how I dress it down
I'm just wearing so just down through
some jeans I'm gonna put on jeans but
it's time to put on some cargo pants
just because I practice games more but
just now film so this just I'll bring
cargo pants that I've shown in my last
haul I will have the link to that hole
below if you want to see that I just
have on a basic white tea that I love to
wear and this purple scarf from forever
21 cents a scarf
um earrings I have on these
international draw I think actually your
honors on my haul and these are another
store and through our purse I just won
this cheetah first but I got from the
thrift store as well so these hills make
me so tired you can barely see me my
whole body our body with the cell works
just some black leggings that I bought
from Kohl's and so I just have on the
Mary Jane Steve Madden you can get
married James anywhere - 21 anywhere now
so they're really hot but I love them
they're so it's not actual first pair
here guys no congratulations
so yeah I don't know where I will wear
this too though I'll probably just I
would like to dinner like if I'm going
out so yeah have you all ever been to
all of our oh my god don't get me
started
I'll guard the plane I love I like my
favorite restaurant laughs and I went
I'm gonna Scottie let's go away with who
good as usual but I'm telling us now
y'all go there you know they give you
the braids of salad order our free sauce
to go with the bread
Oh hurt myself y'all exercise squatting
like this check out my who sit down
they're lazy you all sit down so just
good but no really I'm on my block spot
and then we do that where fashion
matters that looks but calm check out my
fashion list uh follow my fashion list
it is where fashion matters oh and the
flu is my car can subscribe suggest my
channel and that's pretty much bye guys
drop it off a little girl drop it up a
little trap that's ugly drop drop girl
drop drop I have no life Taylor her
video she like dr. cha cha cha cha she
could dance right chicken then move it
something obviously dance I'll show
y'all